Mobileye Vision Technologies Ltd. Employment Agreement This Employment Agreement is effective as of 3 October, 2022 (the "Effective Date"), by and between Mobileye Vision Technologies Ltd., Registration No. 51-270043-6, an Israeli company with its principal offices at 13 Hartum St., Jerusalem, Israel (the "Company"), and Yosef Haim Amrusi. (I.D. Number 314897208 an individual whose address at zefat= זפת ha-narkis= HA-Narkis 6 (the "Employee"). W i t n e s s e t h: WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ the Employee as its Automation & Integration Developer and the Employee desires to be employed by the Company in that position on the terms and conditions set forth below: NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing= אמורים and the mutual promises and covenants= בריתות herein= כאן contained, the parties= מסיבות hereto= Hereto agree as follows: 1. Employee’s Duties and Obligations 1.1. The Employee shall from 3 October, 2022 (hereinafter= להלן "Date of Commencement of Employment") serve as Automation & Integration Developer and shall report to Yonatan Fineberg. The Employee shall observe and comply= לְהֵעָנוֹת with all resolutions, regulations, and directions from time to time made or given by the Company. 1.2. The Employee shall use his best endeavors= מאמץ to promote the interests of the Company. The Employee shall devote all of his business and professional time, attention, energy, skill, learning, and best efforts to the affairs of the Company and shall perform his duties= חובות provided for hereunder= להלן at such locations as is directed by the Company. The Employee shall use his best endeavors to protect the good name of the Company and shall not perform any act that shall bring the Company into disrepute.= שֵׁם רַע 1.3. In the event that the Employee shall discover that he has or might have at some point in the future any direct or indirect personal interest in any of the Company’s business or a conflict of interest with the duties required of him by virtue of his employment with the Company, immediately upon such discovery the Employee shall so inform the board of directors of the Company in writing. 1.4. The Employee shall not during the term of this Agreement engage directly or indirectly in rendering= טִיוּחַ services of a business, professional or commercial nature to any other person, firm, or corporation, whether or not such services are rendered= ניתן for gain, profit or other pecuniary= כַּספִּי advantage. 1.5. The Employee shall not directly or indirectly accept any commission, rebate,= הֲנָחָה discount, or gratuity= מַעֲנָק in cash or in kind, from any person who has or is likely to have a business relationship with the Company. 2 2. Scope of Employment & Overtime Payment 2.1. Standard full-time= זמן מלא employment in the company entails= כרוך forty-two= ארבעים ושתיים hours weekly excluding breaks. Employment comprises= כולל five days a week, Sunday to Thursday. All compensation= פיצוי and benefits in this contract apply to full-time employment as defined above. Partial employment will be compensated= מְתוּגמָל in proportion to full employment. The employee has agreed to work 100% of full employment and will therefore receive compensation and benefits in the same percentage of the compensation and benefits applicable= יָשִׂים to full employment 2.2. In addition to section 2.1 aforementioned,= האמור לעיל the Employee will be required, from time to time and in accordance= בהתאם with the Company needs, to work overtime= שעות נוספות (hereinafter:= להלן "overtime”).= שעות נוספות The overtime norm must not, at any circumstances, exceed 36 hours per month. 2.3. The Employee shall be entitled to compensation for overtime worked by him in the total sum of 3,489 NIS (hereinafter: "overtime= שעות נוספות payment”). The overtime payment shall be calculated as follows: Base salary as set in section 3.1 divided by 182 hours (each month) multiplied= כָּפוּל by the overtime norm as was set in sections 2.2+2.1 aforementioned= האמור לעיל and multiplied by 1.33 (the average between 125% overtime compensation to 150% overtime compensation).= פיצוי 2.4. It is hereby= בְּזֹאת clarified= מובהר and agreed upon that the Employee will not be entitled to work overtime exceeding the norm specified= נָקוּב in section 2.2 above, without written permission given by his supervisor= מְפַקֵחַ – as defined in section 1.1 in advance. Should a written permission be given, the Employee will be entitled to additional overtime payment regarding the overtime hours exceeding the norm specified in section 2.2 above, in accordance with reported hours and as was permitted= מוּתָר by his supervisor.= מְפַקֵחַ 2.5. Weekly Rest. The Employee’s weekly day of rest shall include the Sabbath day. 3. Base Salary 3.1. In consideration for the performance of all his duties on behalf of the Company according to this contract, the Employee shall be entitled to a monthly= יַרחוֹן global salary (the "Base Salary") of 13,261 New Israeli Shekels ("NIS"), and also to supplementary= מַשׁלִים payments (i.e. overtime payment), to social benefits and to pension= פֶּנסִיָה insurance, as specified in section 4 below (hereinafter: "The Benefits"). 3.2. It is understood= מובן and agreed upon the parties that the Base Salary, the supplementary payments and The Benefits are in gross= דוחה values and shall be subject to tax deduction= ניכוי at source, as required by any relevant law. 3.3. It is understood and agreed upon the parties that the Base Salary, the supplementary payments, and the Benefits shall be deemed= נחשב as the full and total consideration that the Employee is entitled to, either according to this contract or according to any law applicable,= יָשִׂים due to the fulfillment= הַגשָׁמָה of his obligations according to this contract, including overtime work. 3.4. The Employee shall devote his full working hours, attention, diligence,= חָרִיצוּת and energy to his employment under this Agreement. 3.5. The Base Salary and the Benefits for each preceding= קוֹדֵם month shall be paid in the next month not later than the 9th day of the month. The Company shall make the appropriate payments on behalf of the Employee, 3 out of the money that was deducted= מנוכה from the Salary, the supplementary payments or from the Benefits to the income tax authorities,= רָשׁוּיוֹת the Institute of National Insurance, and any other relevant authority. 4. Benefits 4.1. Advance study Fund (Keren Hishtalmut). The Employee will be entitled to an Advance Study Fund, starting from the first month of his employment. For each month, the Company and the employee will contribute the following amounts towards the Advance Study Fund of the employee's= עובדים choosing:= בְּחִירָה A total of 7.5% of the Employee’s ‘Insured Salary’ will be contributed by the company and a total of 2.5% of the Employee’s ‘Insured Salary will be contributed by the employee. For this purpose, the Insured Salary equals to 80% of the Base Salary + Overtime Payment + Travel Expenses' + Convalescence Pay. Any amounts paid to Advance Study fund that exceed the tax-exempt= פטור ממס ceiling will be taxable= חייב במס by the employee. 4.2. Convalescence Pay. The Employee shall be entitled to convalescence= הַברָאָה pay equal to 255 NIS per month. It is clarified that to the extent that this amount is lower than the amount of the convalescence allowance= קצבה to which the employee is entitled, according to the applicable law, the company will pay an additional payment of the balance of the legal convalescence allowance.= קצבה 4.3. Travel Expenses. The Employee shall be entitled to reimbursement= החזר of Travel expenses that shall not exceed 495 NIS. per month. 4.4. Severance Pay and Managers Insurance. The Company will pay contributions on account of the Employee into a pension plan of the Employee’s choosing= בְּחִירָה (pension= פֶּנסִיָה fund / Managers Insurance). For the purposes of this section only, the Insured Salary will be the Base Salary, together with the overtime payment, hereinafter:= להלן the “Insured Salary”). In the event that the Employee chooses a pension fund – the Company’s budgetary= תַקצִיבִי allocation= הַקצָאָה for contributions, will be 6.5% of the insured= מְבוּטָח salary on account of benefits, and 8.33% of the insured salary on account of severance= ניתוק pay, and the Employee’s contribution will be 6%, of the insured salary deducted from his salary and transferred= הועבר to the pension plan. In the event that the Employee chooses a senior executive insurance policy, contributions will be identical= זֵהֶה to those with respect to a pension fund, but the Company’s contributions for benefits, 6.5% of the insured salary, will also include the cost of disability insurance, to the tune coverage of 75% of the Insured Salary, provided that the Company’s contribution rate for benefits alone, is no less than 5% of the Insured Salary. To the extent that it is necessary to increase the costs for 75% of salary coverage on account of disability insurance (beyond the Company’s total budget for benefits, similarly to with the pension fund), the costs to the Company both on account of disability insurance, and on account of benefits, will not exceed 7.5% of the Insured Salary. It is agreed and clarified,= מובהר that in accordance with the provisions of the General Extension Order Regarding Pension Insurance (Managers Insurance and pension Fund), the Company’s contributions on account of severance pay will replace the payment of severance pay, as stated in Section 14 of the Severance Pay Act. For the avoidance= הימנעות of doubt, it is clarified, that the Company waives= מוותר its right to recoup= לְקַבֵּל בְּחַזָרָה the severance pay, except in the event of a serious incident, when the Employee is denied= נדחף his right to severance pay under Sections 16 or 17 of the Severance Pay Act, or the Employee withdrew= נסוג funds from the pension fund or insurance fund otherwise than for an “Entitling Event”. 4 The Employee hereby declares that the payments under this section are done on his authority and consent.= הַסכָּמָה 4.5. Vacation days. The employee will be entitled to accumulate= לִצְבּוֹר 17 business days' vacation in each calendar= לוּחַ שָׁנָה year at the first year and an extra day per year. Maximum yearly accumulation= הצטברות of vacation days will not exceed 24 days per year. It is hereby understood that it is in the interests of each of the parties that the Employee takes advantage of the vacation days granted to him for purposes of rest and relaxation= הַרפָּיָה and that the Company may, in its sole= בלעדי discretion,= שיקול דעת require the Employee to take advantage of any days' vacation as may become owing to him. Vacation days will be coordinated= מְתוּאָם with the management and are contingent= מִשׁלַחַת upon the Company’s approval. For purposes of this Section, a "Business Day" shall mean any Sunday through Thursday during which the Company is open for business. 4.6. Sick Leave. The employee will be entitled to fully paid sick leave beginning on the first day of his illness, conditional= מותנה on presentation of certification= תעודה of illness issued by the health fund (kupat= קופט cholim)= Cholem of which the employee is a member. Other than sick leave from the first day of illness as specified above, accumulation of sick leave and all relevant effects of illness will be governed by the provisions of The Sick Pay Law 5736 - 1976. 4.7. Expense Reimbursement. The Company will reimburse= להחזיר the employee for any documented, out-of-pocket= מחוץ לכיס expenses from time to time properly incurred= נגרם by the Employee in connection with his employment by the Company and approved in advance by the management of the company in its absolute discretion.= שיקול דעת 5. Confidentiality, Non-Competition, Technology Assignment 6. Termination 5 7. Miscellaneous 7.1. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed= מתפרש and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel, without giving= מַתָן effect to the rules respecting conflict of law. 7.2. The failure of either party to insist upon the strict performance of any of the terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver= ויתור or relinquishment= ויתור of future compliance= הענות therewith= בכך or with any other term, condition or provision hereof,= כאן and said terms, conditions and provisions shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term or condition of this Agreement on the part of either party shall be effective for any purpose whatsoever= כָּלשֶׁהוּ unless such waiver is in writing and signed by such party. 7.3. The headings= כותרות of paragraphs= פסקאות are inserted for convenience= נוֹחוּת and shall not affect any interpretation of this Agreement. 7.4. The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable= ניתן לניתוק and the invalidity= נָכוּת or unenforceability= בלתי -אכיפה of any provision shall not affect the validity= תוֹקֶף or enforceability= אכיפה of the other provisions hereof.= כאן 7.5. This Agreement together with the Employee Proprietary Information Agreement and Inventions Agreement and the rest of the appendices= נספחים constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto and supersedes= מחליפים all prior agreements, understandings and arrangements, oral or written, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. No agreement or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied,= מְרוּמָז with respect to the subject matter hereof= כאן have been made by either party which are not expressly= במפורש set forth in this Agreement and the Proprietary Information Agreement. 7.6. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Company, its successors= ממשיכים and assigns, and the Company shall require such successor= יוֹרֵשׁ or assign to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession= יְרוּשָׁה or assignment had taken place. The term “successors= ממשיכים and assigns” as used herein shall mean a corporation or other entity= יֵשׁוּת acquiring= רכישה all or substantially all the assets and business of the Company (including this Agreement) whether by operation of law or otherwise. 7.7. Neither this Agreement nor any right or interest hereunder shall be assignable= ניתן להקצות or transferable= הניתן להעברה by the Employee, his beneficiaries= נהנים or legal representatives, except by will or by the laws of descent= מוֹצָא and distribution. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed= יצא לפועל this Agreement as of the day and year first  